Beta docs for compare changes (#5903)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/continuous-integration.md

- CI runs with the same PR number and same commit SHA, originating from different dbt Cloud projects will execute jobs concurrently. This can happen when two CI jobs are set up in different dbt Cloud projects that share the same dbt repository.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Smart cancellation of stale builds">

When you push a new commit to a PR, dbt Cloud enqueues a new CI run for the latest commit and cancels any CI run that is (now) stale and still in flight. This can happen when you’re pushing new commits while a CI build is still in process and not yet done. By cancelling runs in a safe and deliberate way, dbt Cloud helps improve productivity and reduce data platform spend on wasteful CI runs.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/example-smart-cancel-job.png" width="70%" title="Example of an automatically canceled run"/>

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Run slot treatment" lifecycle="team,enterprise">

CI runs don't consume run slots. This guarantees a CI check will never block a production run.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Compare changes" lifecycle="beta" >

>  When a pull request is opened or new commits are pushed, dbt Cloud compares the changes between the last applied state of the production environment (defaulting to deferral for lower computation costs) and the latest changes from the pull request for CI jobs that have the **Run compare changes** option enabled. By analyzing these comparisons, you can gain a better understanding of how the data changes are affected by code changes to help ensure trusted data products are being developed. 

Reviewer: Maybe something a little more like "to help ensure you always ship the correct changes to production and create trusted data products"

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/example-smart-cancel-job.png" width="70%" title="Example of an automatically canceled run"/>

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Run slot treatment" lifecycle="team,enterprise">

CI runs don't consume run slots. This guarantees a CI check will never block a production run.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Compare changes" lifecycle="beta" >

 When a pull request is opened or new commits are pushed, dbt Cloud compares the changes between the last applied state of the production environment (defaulting to deferral for lower computation costs) and the latest changes from the pull request for CI jobs that have the **Run compare changes** option enabled. By analyzing these comparisons, you can gain a better understanding of how the data changes are affected by code changes to help ensure you always ship the correct changes to production and create trusted data products.

>  :::info Beta feature

Reviewer 2: Might want to remove this here unless the plan is to come back and update this callout. It we choose to leave it, it might be better served at the top of the expandable paragraph

Author: good shout! we're planning on removing this 👍

>  Currently, the compare changes feature is available as a beta to a limited group of people. If you're interested in gaining access or learning more, please stay tuned for updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The compare changes feature is currently in limited beta for select accounts. If you're interested in gaining access or learning more, please stay tuned for updates.
```

>  Currently, the compare changes feature is available as a beta to a limited group of people. If you're interested in gaining access or learning more, please stay tuned for more updates.

Author: ```suggestion
 Currently, the compare changes feature is available as a beta to a limited group of people. If you're interested in gaining access or learning more, please stay tuned for updates.
```

 :::

dbt reports the comparison differences:

- **In dbt Cloud** &mdash; Shows the changes (if any) to the data's primary keys, rows, and columns. To learn more, refer to the [Compare tab](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#compare-tab) in the [Job run details](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#job-run-details). 

> - **In the pull request from your Git provider** &mdash; Shows a summary of the changes, as a git comment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **In the pull request from your Git provider** &mdash; Shows a summary of the changes as a git comment.
```
